Developing the campaign itself was a bit of
a challenge to really say out loud that queer
women have sex with men, for example.
Really talk about drug use and, actually,
shared needle use as being a risk, and that
that...
Sort of, saying that out loud and talking
about our communities, or addressing those
very specific communities within any kind
of HIV prevention campaign.
Even though we all kind of know that, this
was a really public campaign that was saying,
“Yes, women who fuck women can also fuck
men.”
And that is where the risk is.
Why wouldn’t we want to create a space?
And, you know, women come or they don’t
come.
But we actually create that space that is
explicitly for sex.
Right?
It was kind of surprising in lots of ways
about how that actually created a dialogue
pretty broadly in the community around...
Both among gay men, particularly bathhouse
owners were...
“Are you going to just even have sex?”
And, “how messy is it going to be?
Is there going to be a lot of blood?”
[laughing] You know? That kind of stuff.
But also, this idea that women just aren’t
that sexual and aren’t really going to do
anything or very few were going to come.
It kind of blew that all out of the water.
You know, I did have my own questions.
How many women will come?
Will it be the women that we actually might
predict come that we see, you know...
Like, folks that already feel very comfortable
in their sexuality and expressing that.
Or are we going to have a pretty broad range
of folks who actually want new ways of expressing
themselves?
And, in fact, that’s what it was.